# Little_Bang_Board
This project is for a Virtual Pinball game controller based on a Rasberry Pi Pico using CircuitPython.  The Little Bang Board provides a virtual ball plunger using the game controller Z axis of a joystick output.  An accelerometer provides X/Y movement to the applicable game controller X/Y joystick output. A true USB keyboard HID emulation provides 16 buttons that can emulate any key.  Basic pinball game controllers can cost anywhere from $40 to $125. The Little Bang Board will set you back $10 and will be as good if not better than the more expensive competition. THis project can also be purchased as a complete kit for under $20.  This project is offered as is, and free to copy and use provided that it is not used for profit unless my written permission.  
Items in this project that I am providing include Instructions, BOM, PCB fab files (gerbers and drill files) links to Adafruit CircuitPython for Pico, links to Adafruit CircuitPython libraries, schematics, config.txt, Code.py -Main Code, and Boot.py -boot code. Please enjoy this project. 

For those people that already have a RP Pico and want to program their own device, follow these instructions.
To erase a Raspberry Pi Pico using Adafruit CircuitPython, you need to put the Pico into bootloader mode by holding down the "BOOTSEL" button while plugging it into your computer via USB, then drag and drop a special "factory reset" UF2 file onto the "RPI-RP2" drive that appears, effectively wiping the flash memory on the device. 
Install the 'adafruit-circuitpython-raspberry_pi_pico-en_US-9.1.4.uf2' on this repository to the Pico.  Refer to the instructions from Adafruit: https://learn.adafruit.com/getting-started-with-raspberry-pi-pico-circuitpython/circuitpython?gad_source=1&gclid=Cj0KCQiA_qG5BhDTARIsAA0UHSLQKMNT_14fgcEM_cs4AMZpiIVBlmQJbriYEBeGsdh1NOFpwWY9LuAaAj7uEALw_wcB
Locate the Little_Bang_Code_2_0.zip file. Copy the contents including the folders to the root of the Pico. Allow to over-write any existing files and folders. Reboot and Viola! It should work if all the hardware is configured correctly.
